README.md, before:

# 📦 Comic Utilities

**[English](README.md) | [中文](README_ZH.md)**

A unified toolset for comic book enthusiasts to easily manage and convert various formats!

A pure offline **Comic Management** tool · No server uploads, all operations are local.
🛠️ Originally a personal practice project to prevent losing it later, so backed up on GitHub 😂

---

## ✨ Features

- ⚡ **Offline & Secure**: All processing happens locally on your machine.
- 📂 **Folder to Format**: Batch convert folders containing images into `CBZ`, `PDF`, `EPUB`, `ZIP`, or `7Z`.
- 📚 **Ebook Converter**: Convert eBook formats (`.epub`, `.mobi`, `.cbz`, etc.) into `CBZ`, `PDF`, `EPUB`, `ZIP`, or `7Z`.
- 📤 **Extract to Folder**: Extract images from various archives (`.cbz`, `.epub`, `.pdf`, etc.) into folders.
- 🧭 **Smart Sorting**: Images are sorted naturally (1, 2, 10...) for correct reading order.
- 🖥️ **Modern GUI**: Bilingual (English/Chinese) interface with Drag & Drop support.

---

## 🖼️ Interface Preview

*(Placeholder for screenshot)*

---

## 📝 Usage

1. **Download**: Get the latest `.exe` from the [Releases](https://github.com/candy-blue/comic-utils/releases) page.
2. **Run**: Double-click `ComicUtils.exe`.
3. **Select Tab**: Choose between "Folder to Format", "Format Converter", or "Extract".
4. **Drag & Drop**: Drag your files or folders into the window.
5. **Start**: Click the Start button and watch it go!

---

## 🛠️ Development

1. Ensure Python 3.10+ is installed.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run the application:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```
4. Build standalone executable:
   ```bash
   build.bat
   ```

---

## 🔗 Related Links

🪶 My Blog: `https://blog.fsyl001.sbs`  
🐉 Other Projects: `https://fsyl001.sbs`

---

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under **CC BY-NC 4.0**.

⚠️ **Commercial use is strictly prohibited.**
Attribution required: **FSYL001 / 风神翼龙 / FSYLの小破站**

---

## 💬 Note

> 🐉 Just for fun & learning purposes 😎
> If you find it useful, give it a Star so I don't lose it later! 😂

Commit message:

docs: remove related links and license, update note

README.md, after:

# 📦 Comic Utilities

**[English](README.md) | [中文](README_ZH.md)**

A unified toolset for comic book enthusiasts to easily manage and convert various formats!

A pure offline **Comic Management** tool · No server uploads, all operations are local.
🛠️ Originally a personal practice project to prevent losing it later, so backed up on GitHub 😂

---

## ✨ Features

- ⚡ **Offline & Secure**: All processing happens locally on your machine.
- 📂 **Folder to Format**: Batch convert folders containing images into `CBZ`, `PDF`, `EPUB`, `ZIP`, or `7Z`.
- 📚 **Ebook Converter**: Convert eBook formats (`.epub`, `.mobi`, `.cbz`, etc.) into `CBZ`, `PDF`, `EPUB`, `ZIP`, or `7Z`.
- 📤 **Extract to Folder**: Extract images from various archives (`.cbz`, `.epub`, `.pdf`, etc.) into folders.
- 🧭 **Smart Sorting**: Images are sorted naturally (1, 2, 10...) for correct reading order.
- 🖥️ **Modern GUI**: Bilingual (English/Chinese) interface with Drag & Drop support.

---

## 🖼️ Interface Preview

*(Placeholder for screenshot)*

---

## 📝 Usage

1. **Download**: Get the latest `.exe` from the [Releases](https://github.com/candy-blue/comic-utils/releases) page.
2. **Run**: Double-click `ComicUtils.exe`.
3. **Select Tab**: Choose between "Folder to Format", "Format Converter", or "Extract".
4. **Drag & Drop**: Drag your files or folders into the window.
5. **Start**: Click the Start button and watch it go!

---

## 🛠️ Development

1. Ensure Python 3.10+ is installed.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run the application:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```
4. Build standalone executable:
   ```bash
   build.bat
   ```

---

## 💬 Note

> Because the downloaded comic formats are inconsistent, I created a tool to handle them uniformly.
